#Advanced Automation Solutions
Scale your business by transferring the most repetitive tasks to our new robotic cloud solution.
With iBott RPA you can create an army of robot workers that works 24/7 in the processes that makes your business unique.
We will help you in all the steps from design to production.
Book a slot in the calendar for a free consulting session.

Our RPA Consultants can look at any process and provide suggestions/ideas on how you can reduce your existing manual or inefficient processes. From financial processes to operations, sales & marketing or even customer onboarding, we’ll be happy to help.  We have consultants based in London, Liverpool, Manchester, Chester and Newcastle Upon Tyne and will be happy to have a quick call to discuss your needs.  Robocloud is part of Cleardata UK Ltd.  The company is certified for Information Security, Quality Management Systems and Cyber Essentials Plus.

Our Consultants Can Provide:-
Advice on which processes are better suited for process automation
Options for deployment – on-premise, cloud-based, bespoke or off the shelf workflows
Full analysis of your processes including suggestions about how to optimise for automation
Proof-of-concept exercises to help build a business case for project investment
ROI analyses for how RPA can transform your business
In the case of an on-site deployment, RPA training for your staff
Build resource where suitable processes have been identified
Design and project management services
And if you have an exercise or project in mind, we have offers available such as fixed-price projects and discounts when you block book resource.

Contact our team
Find out how RPA can help your business, watch our video below.

Take The Process Challenge
If you’re interested to find out how RPA could help transform your business, but not sure which areas or processes in your organisation it could benefit, allow us to take a look!

We’re so confident that RPA can benefit almost any organisation that, for a limited time, we’re offering a *FREE half day consultancy to build a rapid proof-of-concept on one of your processes to show you how intelligent automation can help you.

Seeing is believing; so to challenge us and access your free, no-obligation Robotic Process Consultancy session with one of our RPA Ninjas, contact us now.